I'm new asylum UK session guitarist just
in the studio today with these three thr
and fly models so on stage so I'd use
two valve heads and two cabs and not run
them clean and sort of affect the sound
with pedals and stuff primaries to get a
really nice clean sound that yeah with
and the nineties
maybe like a bluesy overdrive pedal more
a high gain pedal and just like a push
overdrive just so I get different gain
stages of the amp and then I'd use some
modulation effects I really like
striving and stuff for that so it's
quite it's quite a lot of stuff going on
in the board and I've also got my tech
would be operating a lot of stuff off
the side aside so as pre got a
comprehensive set up so what I'm gonna
do with the thr ten is I'm going to set
up as I would my valve heads so get a
really nice basic clean sound
there's got a really deep rich cleanness
down there which only never me you
wouldn't if you didn't know that was
that you probably wouldn't tell it was
that big okay so the second setting of
just programmed in is it's like an
eighty thirty kind of sound because this
is quite fun to play with
you didn't
it's the next sound I'm gonna play for
his locker it's meant to be kind of like
a modded GMP hundred head so like an old
Marshall kind of thing and then I'd
probably use that setting it's not kind
of Hendrix II sort of things I'll just
put a bit of tremolo on it to give you
that kind of effect but yeah sounds be
nice
you
we just changed amp models now and I'm
playing through the 10c and this is all
your booty he hand word kind of valve
combos so the sam nunn plan for the
moments based on a Marshall Blues
breaker and it's just a straight-up kind
of bluesy and broody Santa the thing
about these units is actually quite
spacious they've got some quite special
sounds under the amp setting I've got on
now is actually meant to be a dr. Z so
sort of small what is dr. Z so get
really kind of crazy and you know sound
really and mad but it's actually really
enjoyable sound and it's it's really
cool cool to play with so it sounds like
this
mm-hmm so what I've tried to do with
this setting here I've just got it on
she called Class A but it's based on
kind of DC 30 matchless is that kind of
really strong John Mayer clean sound and
I'm sure we're all familiar with so this
is kind of my attempt at getting that
sort of sound
so I'm using the thr 10x now which has
got a selection of quite unusual high
gain amps as the sound that I've got up
here is sort of trying to recreate the
high gain rhythm sound that I'd use use
live for various stuff you know so lead
angry and driven birds sort of mainly
just for sort of beefing up tracks
really so yeah it sounds a bit like this
so I'll swap two guitars now just to
show you kind of how the amp reacts with
different types of guitars same sound on
the amp just literally differing baton
mmm
so we're sticking with the same amp
model here which is round one which is
identical to that late seventies early
eighties all-american rock sound which
I'm sure we're all familiar with I've
changed a little bit of EQ put me a bit
more bottom in a slight bit more
delaying and that's probably what I'd do
with a lead sound anyway yeah and it's
not something like this
so just change to a different amp what
being saying and we're on the southern
hi now which is actually more than a
ridiculously high gain southern American
and and the thing is with all these Sam
settings as well as you haven't got to
use it for you know using Barbie all you
know completely thrash you can won the
game back in adjust EQ and get some
really interesting sounds out of it so
for me I thought the sound was quite
similar to a very famous 80s session
musician so I've added a bit a chorus in
a bit of delay and yeah it sounds pretty
similar I think
oh yes giving you a good idea of the
versatility of these yamaha thr ramps i
mean i'd after any one of them really
for any scenario i mean whether it be
kind of warming up the ice in the
dressing room before all you know i'm i
the main use item using the studio for
ryan if we've got an oven that we're
writing with you know that's perfect for
getting a vibe in the room and getting a
sound up together I mean not to mention
you plug your iPod and stuff into it and
to be honest for the price of an effects
pedal you've got all that versatility
you can't conquer